Great.
So we've let that drag balls and resizable.
Remember our main aim here is to be comfortable with using documentation and examples to achieve what
we want using in this case.
Jay Querrey plugins.
Now we've just got a couple more videos to go before we can do our Big Jay query project code player.
But here I'm going to set you a challenge.
Can you create a little square and a big square.
Two different colors and then make it so that you can drag the little square around.
And when you drop it into the big square you get an alert for
can be managed.
The idea of course was to use the drop label
interaction in the query UI.
That's fine find it's there it is.
So this has got this built in.
We can drag the first one around and then drop it into the second.
So really all you need to do is understand how this works and then apply it to the example that I gave
you.
So let's have a look at the source of this example which does everything that we want except instead
of letting the background go is yellow.
So we're going to need to add that in instead.
So let's have a look.
First off we make the first element trackable as fairly straight forward.
We've seen that before.
Then we make the second element drawable and all we need to do is add a drop function and then run some
code when that drop happens.
And that's going to be where our alert goes.
So pretty straightforward right.
Let's try it out.
So we'll start almost from scratch.
Because we get to one phase two boxes.
So it will leave resizable and we'll say but I'm going to remind them that makes a bit more sense.
So we'll have trackable and drop the ball
and drag a ball is going to be small and drop a ball will be big
let's have a look.
OK.
So that's what we want.
Of course I can't do any dragging or dropping as yet.
What I want today is take my draggle element and make it crackable.
All right let's just check that works first off.
Excellent.
So it's trackable but it's not yet drawable.
So now it's just a matter of putting in a drop of code.
So let's apply this to our drawable
and now this is where we need to add the code here.
So I need to copy everything between the two parentheses.
I'm going to copy the whole lot and then explain it as we go through it.
Let's have a look.
So we're adding a drop function and in fact I'm going to get rid of this code because that's all specific
to their example.
So all we need to add it is
what we want to happen when the drop happens.
And this is it.
So this is a function and it's a great event and UI here and they are parameters that will be returned
and we can refer to if we want to let's have a little look and just see what they are.
We'll need to look at the documentation for that.
So we're working with an event here and the event that we're working with is drop and you can see here
we've got event.
And this will tell you what type of event has happened.
Now the event as we can see in the documentation here is something like Blur focus load resize et cetera.
We've got a click option here which may be what returns.
In this case but what we're really doing is on
clicking we're lifting up a mouse to drop the object.
So we'll have a look in a minute and see what event is actually returned.
That's not particularly important for us.
The UI allows you to access various other bits of information so if you had a number of items that could
be dropped ball here then we could access the item which was dropped so we'd know which one it was.
And you can see we've got a helper object here as well.
We can access the CSSA position of the the [REMOVED] helper and also the offset position of that object
as well.
So I wouldn't worry too much about these.
I doubt you're going to need them unless you're doing anything particularly advanced but they are information
that we can access in our function if we want to.
The main thing that we want to do though is just have an alert.
So that's pretty straightforward.
And I'll just say dropped.
So let's take a look.
You can drag it around pop it in there and we get our at fantastic so I hope you manage to figure out
how to do at least most of that yourself.
One of the challenges of working with documentation is figuring out how far your understanding needs
to go.
And that will be definitely up to you and your situation and your personality as we might be the sort
of person that really wants to be clear on what event and UI are.
Well you might not care at all as long as it works but you need to be able to sort through the example
code and all of the API examples to get what you need.
All right let's just have a quick look then and see what event has been returned to him.
So alerting it didn't give us anything particularly useful because it's an object.
So let's see if we look at the console.
Maybe that will give us more of a clue
as to what it actually involves or just drag that in and then control click or right click and inspect
and let's have a look at the console so you can see we've got our event there.
And here we go we've actually got a lot of information in.
So I'm not going to go through what all of this information is.
Some of it you can probably work out most of it.
You're not going to be even remotely interested in the thing I was particularly looking for was the
type of event.
And so it is in fact a drop what you might be interested in is the two elements I mentioned.
So that tells you the element that's been dragged to it and as well as the drop element that was dragged
to.
All right.
So loads more information than you probably were interested in there.
We'll go back to that dropped for a sample code.
The main point again is that you need to be able to navigate the documentation to get the information
that you need and be willing to put to one side the information that you don't need.
All right.
So one more video before we make our code play a project is just looking at a couple of the widgets.
And those are accordion and sortable.